# HMI
Human Machine Interface consist from an Arduino and a TJC4827T043_011 display
Perhaps the world has heard of Nextion, they are a series of HMI interfaces with serial output produced in China, approved in the EU and found at generic electronics distributors (with all the approvals and certifications to be used on the European market). They come with the proprietary "Nextion Editor" configuration software. Today there is a very large variety, with screen diagonal from 2.2 inches to 7, with capacitive or resistive touch and additional functions on the new generations. The price, however, I consider prohibitive for a hobby, for example. If you have been on Aliexpress, you may have come across the version intended for the Chinese market, TJC, at half the price. And here the problems begin. There have been cases of buyers who ordered Nextion and received TJC, or in other cases they ordered it without studying too much. The latter comes with a (same) software, but in CHINESE LANGUAGE, without the possibility to put another language in the menu. The generated code is not interchangeable, you cannot edit between them, that is, a project made for TJC will not be loaded in Nextion Editor. They have a checksum check, I didn't hit my head too hard. If their WEB page (of the producer TJC) can be translated with modern search engines, in the program it is quite difficult to stay with google lens on the text... the solution I used was to stay with remote desktop on a laptop where I had the Chinese program and on my PC I opened Nextion Editor, the same screen, two programs, because the European and Chinese versions cannot coexist on the same PC.
  I bought a 4.3-inch TJC4827T043_011 in ~2016, broke it (corrupted software) and abandoned it in some boxes until the other day. I made (Helped by Bard, Bing AI) a script for arduino to walk to a digital potentiometer X9C103 and a solid state relay PLA143 - to be as VFD agnostic as possible - and you can see the result in the movie.
  Now, you can make yourself, at a reasonable price, touch controllers for coffee machines, lathes or home elevators (joke).

